Three-Phase Transformer Inductane Matrix Type
	rated,nominal and operating voltage
		Rated Voltage
			The rated voltage is the voltage for which equipment is designed to operate reliably. Thus the rated voltage of any electrical equipment is the maximum voltage at which equipment can be operated within its thermal limit without jeopardizing the life of the equipment.
			On the nameplate of the motor, the rated voltage is engraved as 440+/- 10 %. It means the equipment can be operated safely in the voltage range of 396 to 484 volts. The lower limit of the voltage is 396 volts and higher limit of the voltage is 484 volts. If the equipment is operated within this range the equipment will work reliably. The +/10 % margin is the voltage safety margin. 


		Nominal Voltage
			The nominal voltage is the voltage level of the electrical power system
			The system voltage is  440 V, 690 V, 3.3 kV, 6.6 kV,  11kV, 33 kV, 66 kV, 132 kV, 220 kV, 400 kV, 765 kV
			The voltage level of the electrical power system is known as nominal voltage or system voltage. The equipment designer first consider the nominal voltage for which equipment is operated. The designer takes the voltage safety margin of +/- 10 % or higher while equipment designing.

			The word “nominal” means “named”. It is not the precise operating or rated voltage. i.e. a 240-volt circuit may not be precisely 240.0000 volts, and may instead operate at 235.4 volts.



		Operating Voltage
			The operating voltage of the equipment is the voltage at which equipment is being operated.




UNIVERSAL BRIDGE
	universal power converter
	universal three-phase power converter that consists of up to six power switches connected in a bridge configuration
	The Universal Bridge block is the basic block for building two-level voltage-sourced converters

	Snubber 
	Device used to suppress (("snub") a phenomenon such as voltage transients in electrical systems
	A snubber is a device that is used to limit (or “snub”) voltage transients in electrical systems. In an electrical system where there is a sudden interruption of current flow, there can be a corresponding significant rise in voltage across the device. This can result in two things — 1) it can cause electromagnetic interference, which can in turn either cause the device itself to act wonky or it can have a negative effect on nearby systems, and 2) if the spike in voltage is more than the system can tolerate, it can cause significant and sometimes catastrophic damage to the device itself. Both of those outcomes are not ideal — but that’s where the snubber comes to the rescue.


	RC Snubber
	RC snubbers are typically the most popular choice in electronic system design and are applicable for both AC and DC systems. RC stands simply for resistor (R) and capacitor (C), which are connected across a switch. Since the voltage across a capacitor cannot change instantaneously, any voltage spikes will be mitigated (as long as they are sustained — which I suppose wouldn’t be a “spike” in that case).


	SNUBBER RESISTANCE (1e5)
	SNUBBER CAP (inf)

	POWER ELECTRONIC DEVICE MOSFET/DIODE








PID Controller
	Proportional, Intergral, Derivate Control
		PID control provides a continuous variation of output within a control loop feedback mechanism to accurately control the process, removing oscillation and increasing process efficiency

		PID controller is a Close loop system which has feedback control system and it compares the Process variable (feedback variable) with set Point and generates an error signal and according to that it adjusts the output of system.


		The various types of controllers are used to improve the performance of control systems.

		Proportional Controller 
			The proportional controller produces an output, which is proportional to error signal.

		Derivative Controller
			The derivative controller produces an output, which is derivative of the error signal.

		Integral Controller
			The integral controller produces an output, which is integral of the error signal.

		Proportional Derivative (PD) Controller
			The proportional derivative controller produces an output, which is the combination of the outputs of proportional and derivative controllers

		Proportional Integral (PI) Controller
			The proportional integral controller produces an output, which is the combination of outputs of the proportional and integral controllers.

		Proportional Integral Derivative (PID) Controller
			The proportional integral derivative controller produces an output, which is the combination of the outputs of proportional, integral and derivative controllers.


		There are two types of control systems namely:
			Open loop control systems (non-feedback control systems)
			Closed loop control systems (feedback control systems)





FILTER

	A low-pass filter is a filter that passes signals with a frequency lower than a selected cutoff frequency and attenuates signals with frequencies higher than the cutoff frequency
	C = 200e6
	L = 150e3

	Low-pass Filters(LPF)

	Low-pass filters are filter circuits that pass DC and low-frequency signals and cut high-frequency signals.
	They are the most widely used filter circuits and are mainly used to cut high-frequency noise.
	In audio, they are also used to cut treble/mid-range sound components of bass speakers.

	










BATTERY
	COMPONENTES
		DC-DC BUCK CONVERTER
		DC-DC BOOST CONVERTER


	BATTERY INSIDE BATTERY
		Li-Ion Battery
		Nomianl Voltage - 200V
		Rated Capacity - 50Ah (Ampere hour)
		Initial State of Charge - 50 %
		Battery Response Time 30 Seconds



	SCOPE 
		CURRENT(A) 5000--> 0
		VOLTAGE(V) 0 -- > 200
		SOC(%) 50 ---> 49.994

		T = 0 ->>> 0.1